everybody loves a magnet on the line
please money wise again to earth plus
crushing it go that's that's how you
enter receive that's now you start a
daily the tab key nun's habit all Jesus
to HP nun's habit monstros to ten rate
of fire and marks so straight up a thank
you to his then moldy bread or is it
halitosis because if it's moldy bread
thanks for not leaving us at one HP
thanks to evens blessing that would have
been a nightmare if it's halitosis I
guess it just does not work with mark
for whatever reason not that that's a
major loss but this is the worst start
of the day without a doubt damage stat
is bad
HP is not great and we actually have
what I would consider to be one of the
worst items of the game in the form of
mark but I guess the if I'm going to say
something positive about marked we did
just get proptosis I'm going to say
something positive about marked it is a
tears up so we would have been in a
worse spot from a tear if we didn't have
it but think marked is basically garbage
like you can use mouse controls with it
maybe but I don't know this is an item I
don't feel bad about not liking mark
because it's one of those items cool
that was real close it always comes up
in reddit threads that are like hey
what's the worst item in Isaac or what's
your least favorite item what's your
least favorite item that isn't
necessarily bad but you just hate using
it's always like marked chocolate milk
mark chocolate milk mark chocolate milk
was also my rap name in middle school I
had a only a cursory knowledge of what
may rap music what it was and I thought
it was dairy products in being named
mark you know like Mark Ecko who is a
fashion designer I don't remember really
but I'm not a rapper so prompt ptosis is
incredible and in a way it's nice you
know I have
Marx I'm forced into using Marx which is
there I use it it's novel I kind of hate
it there are ways to get around it I got
to admit the spirit eyes are very
important as well though I can use the
attributional increase as well as we get
anything along those lines but there's
ways of getting around and I'm trying to
remember what you got to take succubus I
think you avoid dark Prince's crown even
though like if it was almost any other
item we would have been all over it
because it's a too hard item for one
heart but there's just the worst to hard
item I don't think there's any way
around it but I will say I will say
straight up succubus proptosis great
combo I believe that we get maximum
damage out of the succubus because
normally your damage is a product of how
long your tear is spent in the air
basically but I think for succubus is
just a flat maximum from from proptosis
so that's a big positive for us but I'm
thinking of those items like like for
brimstone I believe marked is just a
tears upgrade of course I've missed a
chance for an obvious like oh hi mocked
knowing that on average we're going to
get avid fan on mushroom is a speed
downgrade I got a I got a go-for-broke
here no not on we're going a little
further it's all worth it for the reroll
honestly I came into this world there's
a rear oh look into these eyes then
you'll see oh yeah that's how you know
it's like v Isaac video of the day right
vi maybe this might be six okay okay
okay
actually these guys very much warrant
the use of that which we have not
touched despite of being like a totally
decent acceptable choice I think fat odd
mushroom is a little overrated by by me
personally so we can afford to re-roll
into something better even these like I
can get down with big fan brother
Bobby's not the worst item on planet
Earth fat on mushroom might be better
than either but I don't think we're
don't think we're losing big time by
saying no to them or by picking them up
which means that probably we should
reroll if I don't feel strongly about it
we might as well go for a reroll but
with one penny it's just sort of
unlikely now our shop could be a viable
option for us if it's the amazing shop
that almost never shows up but we'll
cross this bridge and we come but you
can use monstros tooth against monstro
that's like I have allowed this urban
myth to prevail and pervade for far too
long I think once I used it against
monstro and it fell on me and I just
built this conspiracy theory in my head
that oh if you use it against monstro
then it's like you've added another
monstro to the battlefield which is not
the case to the best of my knowledge at
least I mean of course we could have
cracked into one of these
I guess if we get we're not going to get
a bomb so don't even sweat that but if
we got a bomb we should have used it to
maybe go to the shop and get more money
ah I'll take oh we can take a boat still
not great
but decent it's probably a better
permutation we could have had at some
point by oh well this is still fine the
problem is mark sucks but I can't really
complain about our stats now so I mean
there is that plus we have deal with the
devil president I know I said that like
like I was Alicia Silverstone in
clueless or something like that whatever
happened to Alicia Silverstone it's like
this part the full house theme song
whatever happened to Alicia Silverstone
the milk man the paper board news on TV
well the milkman great signed by apex
swing but was pushed out by grocery
chains that offered milk you know on
demand instead of on a set basis I
imagine that dairy consumption or at
least milk consumption in North America
has probably gone down over the course
of the past 40 years and compromised
demand somewhat as well I have to guess
I mean our household does purchase milk
but I don't drink it so we don't
purchase milk very often The Paperboy
paperboy still delivers papers I don't
know where you live but you can still
you know there's still paper routes now
it's a paper person because it's an
equal-opportunity job and why shouldn't
it be you sexist and the news on TV have
you turned on the television recently
it's all news I'm starting to think that
the full house theme song doesn't know
what is talking about
I will go right you know what the left
hand is good in most cases however I
kind of like the idea of using the
silver dollar here which is not actually
the silver dollar but it kind of looks
like silver dollar I think it's called
pay to play that way we can make sure
that our item rooms always have a reroll
machine in them which is pretty useful
now that we actually have a little bit
of money and some bombs leftover if we
ever get doubled item rooms as you saw
in the last floor even though it took me
way too long to realize it they can pop
off pretty quickly as well so good deal
with the devil opportunity please no
such luck it's actually like almost a
completely worthless pick up quick
mr. positivity northernlion yeah this
item is uh doesn't even have any purpose
to be in the game just remove it no but
like it really doesn't especially when
I'm looking for anything to get around
marked or alternatively a little speed
because so many good items also come
with speed downgrades for reasons that
you know boggle my mind but 0.95 speed
is not enough and it's was it often
times not enough and it's not enough for
us to be like hey small rock we can take
it like guilt-free you know we got to
worry about it a little bit either way
the run is still fine though
I'm not going to I'm going to complain
too hard I wouldn't kick it out of bed
for eating crackers still got 15 cents
then we don't really want to buy box of
well actually now that I think about it
I mean monstros tooth is fine the box of
friends might be better despite having a
longer charge just because we do have
succubus we take Cupid's arrow I think
for the piercing shots not a very bold
move but a worthwhile move nonetheless
let's grab this it's a luck upgrade
guaranteed toldja and
now we're good alright let's get out of
here I'm going to advance to pose
monsterous truth because we have it
monstros toots I don't use that often
and it's not one of those items where I
don't use it because it's bad it's just
rarely does the situation present itself
where it's a sensible choice probably
box of friends is the more sensible
choice but this one's not it might be
the right time to make it happen
plus it's been in the game for a hundred
years so isn't it like the first item
you unlock when you play rebirth
you know you beat Monster when it goes
monstros tooth disappeared in the
basement and then when the achievements
bug out you get that on your next 35
runs regardless of the fact that you've
already had it I know how the game works
don't be a lame you know the game and
how it goes we trying to get Chum
[Music]
sorry anyway um yeah piercing proptosis
great name for a speed metal band and a
pretty good item combination for us as
well almost making me forget about the
fact that we have marked that's
beelzebub potential but it's not quite
good enough if we have a real machine
compound fracture I'm like I'm 8020 on
compound fracture I like it a lot I just
wish it always works I wish it was more
like Ashanti you know she's not always
there when I called that she's always on
time which honestly talked about the
song on occasion on this on this podcast
that has you know used to be about video
game but now we've you know that train
is long since sailed it's professional
background noise now it's something that
I call the Ashanti continuum if you're
looking for a significant other would
you rather have somebody who's always
there when you call or somebody who's
always there is always on time I should
say I think if I if I had a certainty I
would rather have someone who's always
on time because then if you made like
plans even if you're like
go into the restaurant you called her
and she doesn't pick up when you got to
the restaurant you'd be like there she
is she's always on time she said it
herself always there when you call I
mean I suppose that would be nice but I
think that's kind of unrealistic as well
like I'm not even always there when I
call so to suggest that you know she
should always be there when I call is
not I don't want people calling me that
often it's the thing oh don't forget
about this you fell on the nub of all
possibilities I also don't know the
meaning of that song and I think that
says a lot about me what does that mean
when she says BAE BAE I'm not always
there when you call oh I think it means
like she's maybe she's got other side
pieces too ja Rule so she's like you
know I'm not on call your girlfriend but
like if you tell me to be somewhere I'll
be there is that what that song is about
I need to go to rap genius but you can't
just like go to rap genius and then read
it because you know there's a it's
exhaustive it's like it might actually
be it's just genius now I've rebranded
but might actually be like the best saw
best website on the Internet
if you ever listened to a rap song and
you're like what does it mean when Kanye
West said you know skrt skrt skrt like a
private school for women when I finally
show up all the Popeyes is finished you
go what does that mean that doesn't make
sense then you look it up and you go
skrt skrt skrt like a private school for
women okay because the private school
for women only has skirts in it and skrt
skrt skrt also means he's driving
quickly but then when he shows up all
the Popeyes is finished this is an
allusion to the fact that before he was
wealthy Kanye West as he said on touch
the sky' track 3 on 2005 late
registration you know before anybody
wanted K West
beats me and my girl hit the buffet at
KFC he has a he has a propensity in the
kanye west extended universe for
fast-food chicken it's building up the
extended universe and rap genius is the
only site that can tell you that why
didn't I take anything there I don't
know man I started to start to think
about it
one bomb gives us six cents and possibly
a secret room and we probably should why
not take Judas's shadow there I guess I
just got a little mine flooded with the
rap genius it's the only way I can make
any sense out of you know any camp low
song you know when Sonny Chiba goes yeah
trade shots in life but all night you
dig it you're like what three shots of
life and then you well here's an
interview from 1996 where he's like yeah
that means that came in my girlfriend
three times and you're like oh okay
I get it three shots of life gross but
like still the Sonny Chiba he'd be
sipping on Loretta I can't dispute that
this is r-rated video now our for Ryan
please stop
anyway rap genius I gotta do so many
songs from my youth that I only started
to think about you know as I've gotten
older and you real you hear them on the
radio and you're like you know son zone
you requested with dancing lack when
they kid it's almost like with sex in
and you're like they change the lyrics
recently because it was like my favorite
song out of ten about dancing next to
somebody with a big old boner poking
them in the back what are you doing next
anyway
let's move along here we got golden
chest we should do that we're getting a
little light on HP it would be the
ultimate like nastiness if I died on
this run because of my own idiocy and
not picking up Judas's shadow because it
really is like it's a good item to pick
up in most situations to begin with oh
by the way we totally screwed mark dude
we're fine now that we have like an
unbelievably strong setup here as long
as we don't die so this will be a great
floor to not encounter grieve if we get
lucky had to build up the tension but it
took me too long to kill the last room
so some of the tension was lost but
still you know in a way I think the
meaning behind lyrics is why I've been
liking the men at work stuff so much
recently and you know men at work very
famous for anything they're a band from
the 80s you may not know lead singer
Colin Hay you know famous as well for
not only a solo work but also
collaborations with very Zach Braff
forms of media like scrubs in the
soundtrack to the film Garden State but
men at work I'm not going to say that
the best band of the 80s you got great
competition there you know Talking Heads
blondie so many good bands for the
Smiths Pixies etc etc however I
appreciate that a lot of the songs are
straightforward not dumb but simple like
who can it be now you're like well
what's that song about who could it be
knock at door go away don't come around
here no more you know you know it's
about people knocking on his door before
he got famous you know he's getting
hounded by bill collectors made him
anxious to open the door for anybody so
he's like telling people to go away you
know the song Down Under is about
Australia
and Benjamite sandwiches they've run a
straightforward game and I can respect
that cos there's a lot of songs I think
that you know we're conditioned to
believe that a smart song is steeped in
metaphor you'll be like oh space older
to using about going to space man I
don't know what this ex-ante is it's
luckily a New Zealand David Bowie
impersonator it's not very good the
space order to using about I can't do it
okay
it's not about spice man it's about drug
abuse and I'll marry from Flight of the
Conchords for some reason and that's
cool I'm not insulting Space Oddity at
all I've got a lot of respect to David
Bowie favorite David Bowie album
probably not the one with space ideas
probably Ziggy Stardust and the spiders
from Mars but low also marked you know a
pretty important artistic turning point
wouldn't disagree with that however I
know some simple songs I don't mind like
it's a bad example because Space Oddity
is a better song than the thong song
well with Cisco he wears his heart on
his sleeve or in this case he wears his
boner on his sleeve whoo that dress
looks scandalous and you know and then
he says a bad word but you wouldn't
expect it because he's Cisco he's
family-friendly you can handle it
shaking that thing like a
something-something and it look in her
eyes like yeah yeah yeah her mefferd you
know but the chorus nobody ever goes
what's the thong song about dude should
do what we got it because the in in the
chorus for the thong song he lays out
the central premise of his thesis let me
see that song baby that wait let me see
that song let me see that song baby that
tongs the Tong Tong Tong I like it when
your booty go and then in the background
go dad at that baby like your booty goes
dah dah dah that song - Tong Tong Tong
he really you know took a simple idea
and extrapolated it out he put like you
know what it's like it's like the
difference between like a french blue a
bass and a beautiful piece of sashimi
the song song is a piece of sashimi it
has a central purpose and it's all about
that it's not complicated it's not
complex it just is what it is yeah it's
a good piece of albacore tuna and then
you got like on the other side you got
you know a day-in-the-life
by the Beatles where you're like first
off trash song I'm joking but you know
it's complex it's complicated you know
symphonies have been written about that
song it's probably not true I mean I
gotta know what happens this is a pretty
good selection for one but I gotta know
what happens if you have technology zero
and tech X and the sad answer is nothing
but I was really hoping that there would
be electricity between these two sadly
no such luck but I mean we got a great
combo for boss rush nonetheless I know
you could be sick of tech X shows up all
the time that being said it's the
greatest item in Isaac's history it's
like really really good and I like it a
lot so we're basically going to snag a
free item that's useless here which is a
mild bummer
and we'll probably take a little damage
in the process but that's you know
you're going to learning being an
explorer being a visionary in the world
of the binding of issac you know
sometimes it has a little costs
associated with it like losing a couple
of spirit hearts that's just what it
costs to be at the vanguard of issac
related sciences okay Galileo was
persecuted for his beliefs Johannes
Kepler was so polite that it wait was it
it might not have been Kepler I can't
remember but he held in his urine at a
public function until he died from a
ruptured kidney I'm not saying I'm in
the same level as those guys like don't
insult me but I'm just saying you know
true visionaries oftentimes are not
appreciated at the time of their
existence I actually had this
conversation with it with a co-worker of
mine one time and I even qualities at
top lad okay so I'm not insulting him
he's got way better things to do than
watch these videos though so we can
definitely speak freely but after one
too many adult beverages he went off for
like 45 minutes about how like the
black-eyed peas are so underappreciated
and that all the backlash against the
black-eyed peas is because oh this is so
good is because they're contemporary and
in like 50 years we'll look back on the
black-eyed peas the same way we look
back on the Beatles I've got a feeling
that tonight's gonna be a good night
it's like you know it's tough that's why
I had made an app for you can download
on the Google Play Store it's called the
Beatles or the BEP 'ls the black eyed
peas not what their name is but it's
good for SEO purposes and then it
presents a lyric and it asks you was
that will.i.am
or was that the powerhouse songwriting
combination of Lennon McCartney says hey
once said ago well should I say
she once had me black-eyed peas or the
Beatles well ok there's nothing for you
champagne up in the skies and gonna
stamp Fastlane live in the life because
I'm glamorous the flour sift flour see I
guess if you singing in a voice I mean
that's neither the Beatles nor the Black
Eyed Peas that's Fergie Stacey Ferguson
very famous I mean we should really just
do McCartney vs. Ferguson in that case
how come every time you come around my
London London Bridge want to come down
like London London Bridge want to go
down like you get the idea I'm not
insulting Stacey Ferguson necessarily I
have got nothing against her or the
Black Eyed Peas
I just think that it's fairly unlikely
they'll be held in the same regard as
fields but there might be some artists
today who are underappreciated and may
well be regarded like that
Who am I to judge you know I'm nobody to
judge this the right answer alright
let's head down with you this runs going
well to them so well I've barely had
time to drink this coffee here it looks
like we're going to be extending the
relative streak here and this is like
the first run in 10 years where I
haven't talked about the fact that I
have recently gotten over a slump in
Isaac so that's how you know the streaks
been going on decently is that we've
officially made it to the post slump
discourse era also g-funk step to this
side area funk on a whole new level and
so as long as we're talking about songs
where I didn't understand the lyrics
until I get got older I really thought
that regulate was just about unwieldy
legislation designed to protect the
industry you know when Warren G said it
was a clear black night a clear white
moon Warren G was on the streets trying
to consume some skirts for the eve so I
could get some phones rolling him a ride
chillin all alone I was like oh that's
about how you know we I think this is
going nowhere all but give me that
spirit heart and then get hit
immediately and lose it let's go when
Nate Dogg said just hit the east side of
the LBC on a mission trying to find mr.
Warren G seen a car full of girls ain't
no need to tweak all you skirts no
what's up with two one three he's just
saying I'm hoping to come to an amicable
arrangement with you that fits the laws
of the country in which we are doing the
business like when Nate Dogg said that
you know 18 in the clip and one in the
hole Nate Dogg is about to make some
bodies turn cold that's a reference to
the great power strike of 1925 when the
power company to dispute legislation
from big government turned off all of
the boilers in the city he made some
bodies turned cold and put a lot of
pressure on the Union to relax there to
relax their demands it was a landmark
moment
labor history please thank you let allow
me to get off of this extremely hit like
heavy-handed metaphor let's go
I think Tech X doesn't do damage like
within the epicenter so we're actually
like our rate of fire is so fast it's
actually kind of annoying whoa what the
I thought we popped and I'm excited pill
halfway through that or something like
that to last longer than three hours
please consult a physician so we've gone
very very low on HP we're definitely not
going to go through the hush fight
unless we have shielded tears and I've
forgotten what we do have though is a
high-octane Incubus tech X run so
effectively we can spam shots like
nobody's beeswax oh that was not a safe
place to stand and I'm actually finding
myself quite under the gun so the only
damage I mean that was preventable
admittedly but the only damage I'm
really salty about is algae's Blanc
runes fabric and I would have been a
great de gAHS because II era that's two
full cards
I'm salty about the damage that I took
immediately after getting that spirit
heart like a flora go black heart let's
go three black cards we just won the run
there but for the grace of Tyrone Thank
You Tyrone
but yeah that's that's preventable
damage apart from that we've been a
little light on spirit arts maybe we
shouldn't have given up it's like I have
a bad habit of like I take every deal
with the devil that shows up and then if
I don't get any HP I go well this room
is a little light on HP wasn't it and
everybody watching just collectively
mashes their hand against their forehead
and goes with this guy's an idiot
but in my defense you have to take every
deal with the devil this shows up they
are not optional they literally are but
you know you gotta take them because
they improve your run who cares if
you're on one HP we actually did skip
Judas the shadow which was the wrong
item to skip but you know I will skip an
item on occasion turns out that a
respawn would have actually been like
extremely nice to have on this run just
for peace of mind but it looks like
we'll probably live regardless I mean
there's no real reason for us to take
any damage at all but you know what they
say the less the merrier
keep the devil card it doesn't really
make much of a difference I hope cherry
it could be good but our damage output
is high enough then if we make it to the
boss rush with the ability to get hit
once and live and by does a boss rush
boss fight we should be able to should
be able to survive very easily get
absolutely dusted okay don't stand there
you can't live your life like that
sure you know what I will do it we lost
eight damage in the process and gained
holy mantle and dead tooth
but we dude that must have been
halitosis that we started this run with
cuz halitosis looks exactly like the
identifiers from the might as well from
the my item screen what is going we have
Ludovico but it sort of doesn't work
like you're going to think that I can
tame it but the actual truth of the
matter is that I'm trying it just does
him it's a little unwieldy and I keep
losing it it's kind of garbage like hear
me out here this is actually a little
dicey the icier than I should do but I
don't want to win the run with this
garbage run I mean I do want to win if I
if I have no other option than to win
but this garbage run along with the
garbage run we may be we have conjoined
and that's why our ludo tear is like so
bad but I'm going to try to earn a
reroll it's kind of counterintuitive if
you hate this run why would you want to
play more of it just so you can not have
it on the boss fight well it's about
ceremony you know I'm going to be
immortalized in the annals of the
binding of issac Hall of Fame I don't
want this run to be the Jersey I'm
wearing you know it's like Martin Martin
Brodeur going into the hot NHL Hall of
Fame we're in a st. Louis Blues Jersey
sure you know he's part of the
organization he was on the team but he's
a New Jersey Devil I'm not a Devils fan
necessarily but you got to admit that's
that's his team
so we got to give something better here
and we're closing in on it it's taken
forever our damage is bad this is me
hitting left this is me getting right
this is me hitting up this is me hitting
down so as you can see we're like on the
angles for whatever reason I gotta admit
rubber cement is like sort of doing work
very eager for this reroll because my
god I'm going to miss holy mantle it's
conceivable although somewhat unlikely
we could reroll this run into a worse
run that doesn't have wholly mantle as
well but I'd say the odds are bad
hopefully let's go Beelzebub our damage
got worse her speed is bad again we have
Beelzebub and I don't know it seems like
we got a squatter this at the end but
we're going to win regardless so no harm
no foul apparently we also have Midas
touch let's work ourselves into a friend
grab this grab this Papa Devil card
seven damage with a decent rate of fire
could be worse holy life great touch
here all right we have a bloody lust as
well and apparently the wafer so
honestly hit me more see if I care not
the most impressive finish but at least
functional and no delirium fights so
lucky us thanks for watching if you
enjoyed the episode if you did click the
like button upset a great deal and of
course subscribe if you want to see more
in the future but for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time